Hello and welcome to this lecture.
And in this lecture we'll go ahead and learn how we can set the background image for our website using
CCS.
So what we can actually do is that just as we can set a background color to our Web site we can also
actually go ahead and set up a bag and image as well.
So in order to set up a back and own image we need to understand where exactly that image is going to
come from.
So for example let's see if you're building a real web site.
And let's see if you want to add a background image to that particular Web site.
What you have to do is that you have to go ahead and put that image up onto your cell wall because obviously
unless and until that image is president on your server you won't be able to add that image to your
Web site.
So the image is actually a resource which is going to be required by your Web site and henceforth that
resos should actually be present on your server.
So right now we are not working with so was yet.
So how exactly are you going to add image to our Web site.
So one interesting thing which you can do here is that even if the image is not hosted on your so you
can use images which are hosted on someone else's world.
So for example you can simply go ahead and search for an image on the Internet.
And once you have the path of that particular image you can use the path of that image to add it up
onto your site.
So let's see how exactly that thing is going to work out.
So let me just open up Google and we're actually going to search for an image.
So simply go ahead and search for.
Let's say the Web site
backdown.
So when you go ahead and search for a website background you are going to get a bunch of options in
here.
So simply go to images and let's say if you want to choose any particular image so most probably choose
an image which actually suits your website's resolution.
So I guess Google 80 by 720 would be a nice resolution.
So now you simply have to right click and open this image in a new tab.
So as soon as you open this image in a new tab this particular address which you get right here is nothing
but the address of this image on the Internet which means that this particular image is actually presentable.
So at this particular location which means we can simply copy this address and we can use this image
as and when you want but just make sure that the image which you're using is not copyright protected
and you do have the right to use that image.
So this is just for the sake of an example.
I'm just going to go ahead show you how exactly this works.
So now once we have that image in order to add that image as a background of whole Web site the Cecils
property which will be using is the background image property.
So in order to add that a boy here I can simply type in background image and in here we just need to
specify the order.
So we type and you are stating that we are going to add in a are in here and give double quotes over
here and just paste.
You are liar which you have copied pasted away here and the statement with the semi-colon.
See the code.
And then you get to go.
So now if you go back to your website and hit refresh now you have this particular image as your background.
So that's how you can actually go ahead and set up a background image for your web site but just make
sure that any image which you select is going to be of a proper size.
Because what happens is that let's say if you select some other image which is of a lesser size.
So let's say we choose this particular image which is 600 by 350 600 by 350.
Emerge is only going to go with a certain portion of your website and the rest of the part of your website
is going to be empty.
So just make sure that whatever emerges you're choosing actually fits your monitor screen or your computer
screen and you should be good to go.
So that's it for this lecture.
Hopefully you guys were able to understand how to add background images using scissors.
So thank you very much for watching and I'll see you guys next time.
Thank you.